Terms of Service
Effective date: Dec 12, 2024
The Company operates an application and a website accessible at the address indicated below (hereinafter the "Application"), dedicated to the provision of services (“Quotes”, “Missions”) and the connection of Sellers and Customers.   The purpose of these Terms of Service of SMART WORKOUT APP (hereinafter the "Terms of Service") is to govern the terms and conditions of use of the Application, as well as to define the rights and obligations of Users put in contact via the Application.  Any access and/or use of the Application implies unreserved acceptance and compliance with all the terms of these Terms of Service.
This Terms of Service (“Agreement”) govern the relationship between you (“you” or “user”) and SMART WORKOUT APP LTD (“the Company”, “us”, “our” or “we”) regarding your use of Be-Pass or one of the private branding of SMART WORKOUT APP mobile application provided by SMART WORKOUT APP LTD on any website, platform and/or application (Service). Use of the Service and collection of personal data is also governed by our Privacy Policy (https://www.be-pass.com/privacypolicy/).
Please read the Terms of Service carefully before using our Service.  We may update these Terms of Service from time to time, and your continued use of the Service constitutes acceptance by you of any updates. 
BY REGISTERING FOR, ACCESSING, BROWSING, DOWNLOADING FROM OR USING OUR SERVICE YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND AGREE TO FULLY COMPLY WITH AND BE FULLY BOUND BY THIS TERMS OF SERVICE AND PRIVACY POLICY (https://www.be-pass.com/privacypolicy/). THESE TERMS OF SERVICE CONSTRUE AN ENTIRE AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND THE SMART WORKOUT APP 
YOU ASSERT THAT YOU ARE LEGAL AGE (18 YEARS OLD), AND YOU HAVE THE POWER AND COMPETENT TO ENTER INTO AND TO COMPLY WITH THESE TERMS OF SERVICE. NEVERTHELESS, THIS SERVICE IS NOT DEDICATED FOR CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 18 YEARS OLD. 
IN CASE IF YOU ARE UNDER THE AGE OF 18 YEARS OLD, PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS SERVICE. LIABILITY FOR ACTIONS OF USERS WHO HAVE NOT ACHIEVED THE REQUIRED AGE SHALL BE IMPOSED ON HIS/HER PARENTS OR LEGAL REPRESENTATIVES. 
The Service is also not available to any users previously suspended or removed from the Service by SMART WORKOUT APP. If you access the Service from any third party platform providers, such as Apple and Google, from whom you download the Service, you shall comply with its terms of service/use as well as these Terms of Service.
Our Service may offer services and applications of the partners of SMART WORKOUT APP the use of which shall be governed by separate agreements with these partners of SMART WORKOUT APP.

1.	General
1.1.	Be-Pass or one of the private branding of SMART WORKOUT APP is a mobile application containing a database of Services provided by Sellers.

2.	Rights granted
2.1.	From the moment of acceptance of these Terms of Service, SMART WORKOUT APP grants you individual, non-sublicensable, non-transferable, revocable limited license subject to the limitations below to access and use the Service for your own non-commercial purposes. You agree not to use the Service for any other purpose.  Unless otherwise specified by SMART WORKOUT APP, you are not permitted to reproduce, copy, modify, distribute, transmit, display, publish, license, create derivative works from the Service or any its part. All rights not expressly granted in this Terms of Use are reserved.
2.2.	If you downloaded the Be-Pass or one of the private branding of SMART WORKOUT APP from Apple App Store you will only use the Be-Pass or one of the private branding of SMART WORKOUT APP (i) on an Apple-branded product that runs iOS (Apple’s proprietary operating system) and (ii) as permitted by the “Usage Rules” set forth in the Apple App Store Terms of Service.
II – Registration on the Application
2.1 Conditions for registration of the User on the Application
To be able to access the Services, the User must create an Account by registering on the Application.
The User must be at least 18 years old and be legally capable of contracting and using the Application in accordance with these Terms of Service. The User is obliged to provide accurate information that he undertakes to update immediately in case of changes.
Access to the created Account is protected by a username and password chosen by the User when registering on the Application, or through the User's Google or Apple account, if the User chooses to register using those services. The user acknowledges that by using Be-Pass, they are solely responsible for any file, image, video, document, or any other material they upload to their profile on the website. The user agrees to only upload content that they have the legal right to use and that does not violate any copyright laws. If the user uploads content that is not for commercial use and violates copyright laws, the user will be fully responsible for any legal action taken against them. Be-Pass is not liable for any violation of copyright laws caused by the user's upload of content. The user is solely responsible for protecting their account with a username and password chosen during registration, and for maintaining the confidentiality of their login information. The user is also responsible for any activity that occurs under their account. Additionally, the user agrees to upload a recent photograph of themselves to their profile.
2.2 Conditions for registration of the Freelancer on the Application
2.2.1 To be listed as a Freelancer on the Application and be visible to Users, the latter is also required to fill in his Account accurately and completely, to download a recent photograph, as well as to update his Account.
As the Application is a local Application, the Freelancer is required to indicate as his main area of activity, the place where he is registered or his place of habitual residence.
2.2.2 Billing mandate.
The Freelancer acknowledges and accepts that the creation of an Account on the Application implies unreserved acceptance to conclude a Billing Mandate with the Company. Under the Invoicing Mandate, the Freelancer, principal, entrusts exclusively to the Company, agent, (i) the establishment and issuance of his invoices for the Missions carried out via the Application, and (ii) the collection of the payment of said invoices, on his behalf.
The Freelancer agrees to upload to the Application, the documents required concerning him in order to meet his obligations in the fight against concealed work, as well as the rules of transparency (KYC) for the purpose of combating tax fraud, money laundering and the financing of terrorism.
The Freelancer sends the Company all the useful information so that the invoices are established, which can only be issued by the Company from the Validation of the Mission by the Client.
In the event of a justified request for rectification of the invoice, the Company undertakes to issue a corrective invoice without delay. Invoices issued by the Company will expressly refer to the Invoicing Mandate insofar as they bear the following mention "Invoice issued by [name of Company] in the name and on behalf of [name/name of Freelancer]", or any equivalent statement.
The Freelancer acknowledges that the updating of all information relating to his legal, accounting and tax situation are essential to the execution of the Invoicing Mandate and undertakes as such to communicate to the Company without delay any modification likely to impact its execution (change of registered office, corporate form, etc.).
The Company undertakes to comply with all applicable legislation on invoicing, and in particular will ensure that adequate accounting and tax information (and in particular VAT) appears in the invoices issued. Freelancers remain solely responsible for their accounting and tax obligations with regard to the issuance of their own invoices.
The Company remains liable for the VAT due, where applicable in application of national regulations as specified in the Annex, when it is wrongly invoiced.
The Invoicing Mandate is one of the Services provided by the Company, the financial consideration of which is included in the commission payable by the Freelancer to the Company.
The Company will make available to the Freelancer a copy of all invoices issued as part of the Invoicing Mandate. The Freelancer will immediately contest the invoices issued in his name and on his behalf by the Company and, at the latest, three days after the issuance of the said invoice.
The Billing Mandate will take effect from the acceptance of the Terms of Service, until the Freelancer is unsubscribed from the Application for any reason whatsoever, or the Company denounces the Billing Mandate.
2.2.3 Freelancers registered outside the State of Israel are also required to comply with all obligations under the legislation applicable to their status in their country of residence, as well as the obligations arising from their use of the Application.
2.2.4 With regard to liberal professions for which the exercise of the activity by the Freelancer is subject to compliance with access criteria or conditions of exercise that are subject to a regulatory framework imposed by the State (regulated professions), the Freelancer undertakes to hold the (i) right to practice the profession he avails himself of and (ii) right to carry out the Missions he advertises on the Application.
2.2.5 In addition, if the Freelancer wishes to benefit from an invoice financing service offered by a finance company partner of the Company, he undertakes, if necessary, to sign a mandate for the assignment of receivables, or any other equivalent document, allowing the Company to manage in his name and on his behalf the financing of his invoice.
2.3 In the event that the User provides false, inaccurate, outdated or incomplete data, the Company shall be entitled to suspend or close his Account and to refuse, in the future, access to all or part of the Services.
III – Description of the Services and operation of the Application
3.1. Description of the Services
3.1.1 The Services include:
• the possibility for the User to create an Account on the Application;
• connecting freelancers and Clients via the Application;
• the provision of means of payment intended to secure the conduct of a Mission;
• the collection and making available on the Application of the documents required from the Freelancer as part of the duty of vigilance, it being specified that the Client, in his capacity as principal, remains solely responsible for the verification of these documents;
• the collection from Freelancers of any other document justifying the regularity of their legal status, and their availability to the Client.
• the establishment and issuance of invoices relating to the Missions carried out by the Freelancer via the Application, under the Invoicing Mandate;
• the possibility for the Freelancer to benefit from the financing of his invoice by one of the financial partners of the Application;
• Tools for automatic recommendation of freelance profiles.
3.1.2 In addition to Services, Customers may benefit from additional services by subscribing to one of the offers described in more detail in the Quotes (hereinafter the "Additional Services").
3.2. Operation of the Application
3.2.1 Linking Users via the Application
The Client contacts the Freelancer (i) by contacting him directly via the Application or (ii) through the Company.
3.2.2 Issue of the Quote.
After discussion on the scope and modalities of the Mission, the Freelancer sends his Quote to the Client via the Application.
3.2.3 Provision by the Client of the amount of the Mission
In case of agreement on the Quote, the Client funds his electronic money account with the amount of the Mission as shown in the Quote, which allows the Freelance to start the Mission (except in the case of an option of payment on account, as part of the subscription of Additional Services).
The Freelancer will begin the execution of his Mission from the notification made to him on the Application that the provisioning of the amount of the Mission has been carried out by the Client. In case of non-compliance with this provision, the start of the Mission by the Freelance before the provisioning of the amount of the Mission is carried out at his own risk and peril of the Freelancer who expressly acknowledges waiving any recourse against the Company.
The Client undertakes not to request the cancellation of his payment by provision in electronic money to his financial institution, during the execution of the Mission.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Client having subscribed to the Additional Services is not bound by the obligation to provision the amount of the Mission and will pay the invoice relating to the Mission according to its usual payment terms, and in accordance with the conditions provided for in the said invoice.
3.2.4 Mission Billing
At the end of the Mission, an invoice is drawn up and issued by the Company in the name and on behalf of the Freelancer, in application of the Invoicing Mandate.
3.2.5 Mission Validation
The Customer has a period of (15) fifteen calendar days from the notification made to him by the Company to the email address of his User account to proceed, on the Application, to the validation of the Mission.
By this validation, the Customer definitively waives any claim or recourse against the Company in respect of the payment made.
In the absence of Validation within this period, and unless he has expressly expressed his willingness to oppose the Validation of the Mission, the Client acknowledges that the Company may proceed with the validation of the Mission and release the amounts provisioned for the benefit of the Freelancer, without prior formality.
In the event that the Customer has subscribed to the additional services allowing him to pay the invoices according to his usual deadlines, he undertakes to proceed to the payment of these under the same conditions after Validation carried out by the Company.
3.2.6 Payment of the Freelancer
The validation by the Client on the Application of the Mission entails the irrevocable payment to the Freelancer of the amount of the invoice, less the commission payable to the Company by the latter.
3.2.7 Financing of the Freelancer's invoice by the Company's financial partners
By contracting a mission with a Client, Freelancers agree by default to benefit from the financing of their invoices. The User entrusts the Company with the initiative to present his invoice to the Company's financial partners mentioned below.
3.	Access to the Service
3.1.	After User downloads Be-Pass or one of the private branding of SMART WORKOUT APP, the User shall create a personal account (Account), following the steps provided and entering the required information. More information regarding personal data collection, as well as disclosure and protection, are fully detailed in the Privacy policy (https://www.be-pass/privacypolicy/).
3.2.	The Account may also be created through third-party services as part of the functionality of the Services. The User may link the one’s Account with third-party services, by allowing or granting the right to Be-Pass or one of the private branding of SMART WORKOUT APP to access through third-party service. Such access is provided under the applicable terms and policies of third-party services. 
3.3.	By granting Be-Pass or one of the private branding of SMART WORKOUT APP access to through third-party services, User accepts and understands that Be-Pass or one of the private branding of SMART WORKOUT APP shall be entitled to access and store certain information regarding such User on the Service. 
3.4.	USER CONFIRMS AND UNDERSTANDS THAT USER’S RELATIONSHIPS WITH THE THIRD-PARTY SERVICES ARE GOVERNED SOLELY BY AGREEMENT(S) WITH SUCH THIRD-PARTY SERVICES. 
3.5.	The Account is created solely to the User and cannot be assigned or sold to the third party.
3.6.	After the Account creation, User receives free limited access to the Service. The Service is limited to the scope provided in the description.
3.7.	A User who wants full access to all Service functions may purchase (a) prepaid yearly subscription or (b) prepaid monthly subscription.
3.8.	Prior to purchase of any subscription, the User may choose a free 7 days trial subscription to the Service. When the free 7 days trial subscription ends, used shall be automatically charged for prepaid subscription chosen.
3.9.	User may cancel the free 7 days trial subscription up 24 hours prior to the lapse thereof.
3.10.	If the User does not cancel the free 7 days trial subscription, User shall be automatically charged for the prepaid subscription chosen.

4.	Acceptable use of Service
4.1.	Any User who registers an account with the Be-Pass or one of the private branding of SMART WORKOUT APP  shall (1) comply with these Terms of Service while using the Be-Pass or one of the private branding of SMART WORKOUT APP ; (2) hold Account login information confidential; (3) immediately inform us on any illegal or unauthorized activity or a security breach (including any loss, theft, or unauthorized disclosure or use of a username, password); (4) keep indemnified the SMART WORKOUT APP for all claims and liabilities arising out of any use of the Service, including any costs and expenses incurred; (5) be responsible for all activities that occur under the respective Account; (6) not share your Account or password with anyone; (7) provide all equipment and software necessary to connect to the Services, including, but not limited to, a mobile device that is suitable to connect with and use the Services; (8) be solely responsible for any fees, including Internet connection or mobile fees, that User incurs when accessing the Be-Pass or one of the private branding of SMART WORKOUT APP . 
4.2.	The User shall not (1) permit any third party to access or use a username or password for the Service; (2) upload to the Service files that contain or redirect to a virus, worm, Trojan horse, or other harmful technology or component that unlawfully accesses alternatively, downloads content or information stored within the Service or on the hardware of Be-Pass or one of the private branding of SMART WORKOUT APP , affiliate, or any third party; (3) decompile, interfere with, hack, reverse engineer, disassemble, modify, copy, or disrupt the functionality, integrity, features, or performance of the Services; (4) access the Service with intent and/or in order to create a comparable or similar application or software or copy any features, graphics, ideas, images, videos, intellectual property or functions of the Service; (5) create accounts by any means other than Service interface (scraping, creating accounts in bulk).
4.3.	The SMART WORKOUT APP retains the right to suspend the Account of any User, accused in breaching of rules as mentioned earlier and this Terms of Service. In such circumstances, SMART WORKOUT APP reserves the right to cancel the User’s account and suspend or revoke the license(s) provided.

5.	Payment
5.1.	All payments made through Apple App Store or Google Play Store are controlled and managed by Apple and Google, respectively.
5.2.	Payments will be charged by your Apple App Store or Google Play Store account, as applicable, at the confirmation of purchase.
5.3.	The subscription fee is payable by User in exchange for the access to the Be-Pass or one of the private branding of SMART WORKOUT APP. User can choose a prepaid monthly subscription or prepaid yearly subscription. 
5.4.	User shall pay the applicable fee that is displayed on the Service at the time of confirmation of the subscription.
5.5.	If User purchases any subscription prior to the end of the free 7 days trial subscription, an unused portion of a trial period will be forfeited. 
5.6.	All prices shall be made in United States Dollars.
5.7.	Pricing in another country may vary and actual changes may be converted to User’s actual currency depending on the country of User’s residence
5.8.	The subscription will automatically renew at the end of each due term and your credit card will be charged through your account (Apple App Store or Google Play Store, as applicable). User can turn off auto-renew at any time from the account settings. 
5.9.	The account will automatically be charged 24 hours prior to the lapse of the current subscription term. If User wishes to turn off further subscription auto-renewal, User should do it at least 24 hours before the end of the current subscription period. 
5.10.	The SMART WORKOUT APP is entitled to adjust subscription fee for the User’s subscription without further notice.
5.11.	The paid subscription fee is non- refundable.
5.12.	User agrees to notify SMART WORKOUT APP promptly of any changes to the payment method you provided while any subscriptions remain outstanding. User is responsible for all applicable fees and charges incurred, including applicable taxes, and all subscriptions purchased by the respective User.
5.13.	When the subscription period ends and subscription fee is not paid by the User due to any fund's insufficiency, full access to the Be-Pass or one of the private branding of SMART WORKOUT APP shall be ceased until subscription fee is paid in full. 

6.	Third-party services
6.1.	The Be-Pass or one of the private branding of SMART WORKOUT APP contains links to third-party services and advertisements (Third Party Link) for third parties that are not under the control of SMART WORKOUT APP. When User click on a Third Party Link the SMART WORKOUT APP shall not be responsible to warn User that User has left Be-Pass or one of the private branding of SMART WORKOUT APP. User acknowledges, accepts and agrees that (1) User will then be subject to the third party terms and policies; (2) Third Party Links provided only for convenience and does not review, approve, monitor, endorse, warrant, or make any representations; (3) User using Third Party Link is at User’s own risk. 

10. Right of withdrawal 
Given the nature of the Services and the Missions provided and the agreed deadlines in this Agreement, orders placed by the Company do not benefit from the right of withdrawal. The contract is concluded definitively as soon as the order is placed by the Client according to the terms specified in these Terms of Service.

7.	Intellectual property
7.1.	All rights, copyrights, patents, trade secrets, trade dress, know-how, technical information, inventions, discoveries, improvements, ideas, concepts, discoveries, texts, images and other proprietary rights, and any derivative works thereof (including improvements) embodied in the Service belong solely and exclusively to the SMART WORKOUT APP. The Service is protected, among others, by the Israeli Copyright Law, 2007 as well as by applicable copyright provisions prescribed by any other law, in Israel and elsewhere.
7.2.	“Be-Pass” or one of the private branding of SMART WORKOUT APP is a trademark of SMART WORKOUT APP company and may not be used, copied, or imitated, in whole or in part, without the express prior written approval of SMART WORKOUT APP. The look and feel of the Services (including all page headers, custom graphics, button icons, and scripts) form the trademarks, service marks and trade dress, belong to SMART WORKOUT APP and may not be used, copied and/or imitated in whole or in part, without the express prior written approval of SMART WORKOUT APP. The use of any of trademarks without SMART WORKOUT APP express written consent is strictly prohibited.

8.	Representations & Warranties.
8.1.	The User represents and warrants that the User is entitled to (1) disclose Third Party Service login information to Be-Pass or one of the private branding of SMART WORKOUT APP  and/or to (2) grant Be-Pass or one of the private branding of SMART WORKOUT APP  access to User’s accounts on Third Party Service, without breach of the terms and conditions that govern your use of the applicable social networking service and without any limitations imposed or obligating Be-Pass or one of the private branding of SMART WORKOUT APP  to pay any fees. 
XI – Liability
Responsibility of Users
10.1 The User is solely responsible for the direct or indirect damage that he is likely to suffer as a result of inaccurate, incomplete and/or misleading information that he provides when registering or in the absence of updating of this information, for which he alone assumes the consequences.
He acknowledges and accepts that any notification under these Terms of Service may be made to him through the contact email address provided when creating his Account on the Application.
10.2 The User is solely responsible for all Content that he chooses to put online on the Application, the Company does not control the Content before it is put online.
The User is expressly prohibited from publishing any Content that is abusive, defamatory, denigrating, libelous, racist, xenophobic, contrary to morality and good morals, infringing, infringing public order or the rights of third parties, likely to harm the rights, reputation and image of the Company and more generally, whose content would violate the law and / or regulations, in particular of a criminal nature.
10.4 The User is solely responsible for the conclusion and execution of contracts relating to a Mission that he concludes with another User through the Application, the Company only intervening to put them in contact. The conclusion and execution of these contracts, which occur directly between a Seller and a Customer, take place at the initiative and under the exclusive responsibility of the latter.
10.5 The Seller acknowledges that the tools and technical means made available by the Company do not exempt him from his responsibility for the legal obligations incumbent on him. In particular, he acknowledges retaining full responsibility for his legal and tax obligations in terms of invoicing in respect of the original initial and/or corrective invoices issued in his name and on his behalf by the Company, in particular with regard to his VAT declaration and payment obligations, in accordance with the Invoicing Mandate.
Liability of the Company
By default, the applicable law concerning the liability of the Company is that provided by the State of Israel, in particular concerning guarantee of conformity and any other legal guarantees.

10.6 The Company makes every effort to ensure access and proper functioning of the Application and Services 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Nevertheless, given the limitations related to the Internet, the Company cannot exclude that access to and operation of the Application and Services may be interrupted, in particular in the event of force majeure, malfunction of the User's equipment, malfunctions of the User's Internet network, maintenance operations intended to improve the Application and Services.
Consequently, the Company cannot be held responsible for an interruption of the Services, whether voluntary or not, it being specified that it undertakes to make its best efforts to limit the interruptions attributable to it.
10.7 The Company provides Sellers and Customers with tools and technical means enabling them to enter into a relationship for the purpose of concluding a contract for the provision of services through the Application. Its responsibility is limited to the provision of these means, as described in the Terms of Service and the linking of Sellers and Customers.
In particular, the Company cannot be held responsible for the frequency of presentation of Seller profiles on the Application.
The Company and the User are independent parties, each acting in its own name and on its own behalf.
Consequently, the Company can in no way be considered as an employee/employer or agent of a User.
As such, the Company cannot be held responsible for any cancellation of payment at the initiative of the Customer alone, and the consequences that may result.
10.8 The Company makes every effort to ensure the content and validity of the information and documents transmitted by Sellers and Customers on the Application as soon as they are established in Israel. However, the Company cannot be held liable in any way whatsoever for breaches of their obligations, in particular in the context of the fight against concealed work and compliance with transparency rules, as well as for any damage that may result.
Thus, the Company cannot be held responsible for false, misleading or out-of-date information communicated to it by the Seller or the Client.
Similarly, the Company reserves the right not to transmit to a User the messages of another User, when they do not comply with the Terms of Service.
8.2.	EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREIN, THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”. THE SMART WORKOUT APP DOES NOT PROVIDE ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, AND SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR APPLICABILITY FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ANY WARRANTY THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE OR FREE OF DEFECTS, ANY WARRANTY AS TO THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM USE OF THE SERVICES AND THE MISSIONS OR OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, IN EACH CASE TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.  
8.3.	THE SMART WORKOUT APP DOES NOT PROVIDE LEGAL, MEDICAL OR REGULATORY ADVICE IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICE. THE USER IS SOLELY RESPONSIBLE TO DETERMINE THE FITNESS AND APPLICABILITY OF SERVICE ONE’S PARTICULAR SITUATION. Without limiting the foregoing disclaimers, the User agrees that SMART WORKOUT APP shall not be liable for the failures, operations or acts or omissions of any of the foregoing.
8.4.	THE USER ACKNOWLEDGES, UNDERSTANDS AND AGREES THAT THE SERVICE AND THE MISSIONS ARE NOT A MEDICAL SERVICE AND DOES NOT OFFER MEDICAL ADVICE OF ANY KIND. THE SERVICE AND THE MISSIONS ARE NOT INTENDED NOR CREATED FOR (1) MEDICAL DIAGNOSIS OF HEALTH STATE, OR (2) ADVISING OR DETERMINING WHICH REHABILITATION COURSES APPLICABLE FOR USER’S PARTICULAR SITUATION.  ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION ACCESSED OR RECEIVED THROUGH THE SERVICE ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE MEDICAL ADVICE. BE-PASS OR ONE OF THE PRIVATE BRANDING OF SMART WORKOUT APP DOES NOT GUARANTEE ANY RESULTS IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES AND THE MISSIONS. 

9.	 Indemnity 
9.1.	The User shall indemnify defend and hold harmless SMART WORKOUT APP and its affiliates, subsidiaries and employees (including  but not limited to agents, licensors, managers and other affiliated companies and their employees, contractors, agents, officers, and directors) from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, expenses (including but not limited to attorney’s fees) arising from: (1) any other party’s access and use of the Service with User’s unique username, password or other appropriate security code; (2) User’s violation of any term of these Terms of Service, including without limitation User’s breach of any of the representations, warranties or responsibilities described herein; (3) User’s violation of any third-party rights, including without limitation any right of privacy or intellectual property rights; (4) User’s willful misconduct.

10.	Limitation of Liability
10.1.	THE USER UNDERSTANDS, ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREE THAT IN NO EVENT SHALL SMART WORKOUT APP  BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, DIRECT OR INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOSS OF DATA, USE, OR PROFITS, LEGAL, MEDICAL OR MALPRACTICE DAMAGE CLAIMS OR AWARDS, PAIN AND SUFFERING, OR MEDICAL BILLS, IRRESPECTIVELY OF WHETHER OR NOT SMART WORKOUT APP  HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY DAMAGES FOR PERSONAL INJURY, BODILY INJURY, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, OR RESULTING FROM THE PERFORMANCE OF MISSIONS.
10.2.	THE USER UNDERSTANDS, ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT IN NO EVENT SHALL SMART WORKOUT APP BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE ERRORS, DEFECTS, BUGS OF USER’S MOBILE DEVICE. 
10.3.	UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL SMART WORKOUT APP BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR MORE THAN THE AMOUNT RECEIVED BY SMART WORKOUT APP AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE CIRCUMSTANCES GIVING RISE TO YOUR CLAIM. 
10.4.	The User is solely responsible for assessing the reliability, accuracy, and quality of the particular Service. The User accepts all risks and responsibility for all loss, damage, costs and other consequences resulting from the one’s use of the Service and of Missions.
10.5.	SMART WORKOUT APP shall not be liable for any loss or damages including, but not limited to, claims for defamation, errors, loss of data, or interruption in availability of data arising out of the use or inability to use of Services, of Missions or any links; or to your reliance upon information obtained from or through the Services, Missions, or through links contained on the Services.
10.6.	Notwithstanding any provision of these Terms of Service, if a jurisdiction where the User resides in, has provisions specific to waiver or liability that conflict with the above mentioned limitations, then SMART WORKOUT APP liability shall be limited to the maximum extent possible by such applicable law. 
XII – Personal data 
The methods of data processing related to the use of the Application and any other interaction with the Company are explained in the data protection policy available here. This data protection policy also explains the rights of access, rectification, deletion, portability and limitation available to the persons concerned by the processing of personal data that the Company implements. The Company has appointed a Data Protection Officer who is at the disposal of any User to answer any question concerning the protection of personal data by email addressed to : 
 and by mail to:

11.	Termination
11.1.	The User may terminate this Agreement by deleting User’s Account.
11.2.	The SMART WORKOUT APP may terminate this Agreement with immediate effect by giving the User a written notice.
11.3.	The termination, in any case, will not affect any obligation that has already been incurred by either the User or the SMART WORKOUT APP.

12.	Force Majeure
12.1.	“Force Majeure” means unforeseeable circumstances acts, events or occurrences that prevent the SMART WORKOUT APP from providing the Service to the User, including but not limited to terrorism, strikes, riots or civil commotion, war, flood, act of God, accident, fire, storm, interruption of power supply, electronic, communication equipment or supplier failure, civil unrest, statutory provisions or lockouts.
12.2.	The SMART WORKOUT APP shall have a right to, at its own reasonable discretion determine the existence of Force Majeure and take reasonable steps to inform the User. 
12.3.	In the event of Force Majeure the SMART WORKOUT APP  may without prior written notice and at any time: (1) suspend or modify any or all terms of the Terms of Service or Privacy policy to the extent that the Force Majeure makes it impractical or impossible for the SMART WORKOUT APP  to comply with them; or (2) take or omit to take all such actions as the SMART WORKOUT APP  considers to be reasonably appropriate in the circumstances with regard to the SMART WORKOUT APP  , the User and other users.
12.4.	In the event of Force Majeure, the SMART WORKOUT APP shall not be liable to the User in respect of any consequential, nonfinancial, direct or indirect damage.

13.	Notices
13.1.	If you have any questions regarding Service functionality or data protection you can send us a written notice.
13.2.	All notices shall be given to us either by post to our premises (Hod-HaSharon) or by email to bepassfeedback@gmail.com. All notices shall be deemed received five (5) days after posting if sent by first class post, the day of sending if the email is received in full on a business day and on the next business day if the email is sent on a weekend or public holiday.
XXIII – Mediation 
For any dispute, claim or dispute, the Client shall use the mediator of SMART WORKOUT APP as described in 13.2.
In case of a lack of compromise at the end of this process, the Client has the possibility to use an independent mediator, responsible for finding an amicable solution. In particular, if applicable, the Client has the possibility to use the European Online Dispute Resolution platform (ODR), the link to which is below:
Online Dispute Resolution | European Commission (europa.eu)

14.	Miscellaneous
14.1.	If any term of Terms of Service is held to be invalid or unenforceable, that term shall be reformed to achieve as nearly as possible, the same effect as the original term, and the remainder of Terms of Service shall remain in full force. If any court or administrative body of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable finds any provision of the Terms of Service, then the invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the other provisions, and all provisions not affected shall remain in full force and effect. The SMART WORKOUT APP will attempt to substitute with a valid or enforceable provision, which achieves to the greatest extent possible the economic, legal and commercial objectives of the invalid or unenforceable provision.
14.2.	In the event that a situation arises, that is not covered under the Terms of Service, the SMART WORKOUT APP will resolve the matter based on good faith and fairness and, where appropriate, by taking such action as is consistent with market practice.
14.3.	The rights granted by these Terms of Service, may not be transferred or assigned by the User, and any such transfer or assignment shall be void. The SMART WORKOUT APP may transfer some or all of its rights and obligations under these Terms of Service to another party at its sole discretion, without obtaining users consent.
14.4.	These Terms of Service do not, and shall not be construed as creating any relationship, partnership, joint venture, employer-employee, agency, or franchisor-franchisee relationship in any way and of any kind between the parties hereto. 
14.5.	This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Israel, excluding its conflict of law principles.  Any actions, disputes, causes of action or claims arising out of or in connection with this Terms of Service shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in Tel Aviv, Israel.
